[onecc-docker] Introduce onecc-docker (#9712) (#9772)
Samsung/ONE: compiler/onecc-docker/README.md

# onecc-docker

_onecc-docker_ is designed to improve user usability.

## Description

For now, `one-cmds` tools only support Ubuntu 18.04 and 20.04(not officially).
So, It is difficult for people in different environments to use our tools without using ubuntu18:04.

To overcome this limitation, we provide _onecc-docker_ that runs using a docker so that users can use `one-cmds` more widely.

This tool aims at the following objectives.

- Unsupported Ubuntu OS supports ONE tool
- Different versions of ONE tools can be used comfortably
- Install and use ONE tools lightly and quickly using Docker

## Requirements

- Any Linux distribution
- Docker

> 

Reviewer: ditto

# onecc-docker

> *onecc-docker* can expand `one-cmds` in more platforms than just Ubuntu 18.04/20.04.

Reviewer: we usually use like `_onecc-docker_`

## Description

For now, `one-cmds` tools only support Ubuntu 18.04 and 20.04(not officially).
So, It is difficult for people in different environments to use our tools without using ubuntu18:04.

To overcome this limitation, we provide _onecc-docker_ that runs using a docker so that users can use `one-cmds` more widely.

> Currently, `onecc-docker` is only supported in Linux environments.

Reviewer: (optional) there was `different environments` in above and we can expect to use by Docker with other platforms than Linux. This line gives different story. Can we not use in Mac or Windows? or is it just because it is not free anymore?
My suggestion is to remove this line if not true.

## Requirements

- Any Linux distribution

> 

Reviewer: Is there any other reason to add empty line here using bullets?

- Docker

> 

Reviewer: ditto

    - Requires root privileges.

>             - `onecc-docker` requires the current `user ID` to be included in the `docker group` because it requires the docker-related commands to be executed without `sudo` privileges.

Reviewer: It would be better to use one style `_onec-docker_`

# onecc-docker

> _onecc-docker_ is designed to improve user usability.

Reviewer: Q) about word `designed`, in what persprective is about the design?

Reviewer 2: @seanshpark 

Um, what word is more appropriate for this? `This tool improves user usability for ONE tools.` Is this sentence better than before? :)

Reviewer: > This tool improves user usability for ONE tools.

as I know, this tool broadens ONE tools to be used in other platforms. correct me if this is different.
I'm not sure about the word `improves`. I think of `improve` would be provide more features or simple UI compared to existing tools.

Reviewer 2: Then, how about this?

`_onecc-docker_ broadens ONE tools to be used in other platforms.`

Thank you for your comments. :)

## Description

For now, `one-cmds` tools only support Ubuntu 18.04 and 20.04(not officially).

> So, It is difficult for people in different environments to use our tools without using ubuntu18:04.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
So, It is difficult for people in different environments to use our tools without using ubuntu 18.04.
```

> So, It is difficult for people in different environments to use our tools without using ubuntu 18.04.

Reviewer: `So, It` -> `So, it`

> To overcome this limitation, we provide _onecc-docker_ that runs using a docker so that users can use `one-cmds` more widely.

Reviewer: Q) is it `docker` or `Docker` ?

Reviewer 2: `Docker` is better I think. :)

This tool aims at the following objectives.

> - Unsupported Ubuntu OS supports ONE tool

Reviewer: Maybe `Support ONE tool regardless of Ubuntu version` ?
Q) there are `one-cmds` and here uses `ONE tool`. Are they different or same?

Reviewer 2: These are the same.

@holawan Please unify `ONE tools` or `one-cmds` into one word. :)

- Different versions of ONE tools can be used comfortably

> - Install and use ONE tools lightly and quickly using Docker

Reviewer: These two lines seems to say the same thing...maybe just use `Install and use ONE tools lightly and quickly using Docker`

## Requirements

- Any Linux distribution

> - Docker

Reviewer: Q) No need to state Docker version?

Reviewer 2: Yes, this tool is not affected by the docker version. :)
